docs: merge docs from 1 to 2 (#16505)
appium/appium: docs/en/drivers/ios-xcuitest.md

```

### Configure keyboards

> Over Appium 1.14.0, Appium configures keyboard preferences by default to make test running more stable. You can change some of them via settings API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Appium v1.14.0 or newer, Appium configures keyboard preferences by default to make test running more stable. You can change some of them via settings API.
```
